
### 4. Analysis and Architecture Decision
Based on your analysis of your user stories and how your team thinks the app should work, choose an architecture / platform to use for developing your solution (Node, PHP, JSP, etc). Explain why you believe that this particular architecture is the right choice. In addition, write a paragraph that discusses an alternate platform and why you believe that it is not the correct choice, e.g. if you chose Node, tell us why, but also why you decided not to use Python and Django. Note that the team’s experience level with a particular framework is certainly a valid input to the choice. I do recommend that teams pick something that they don’t have a lot of experience in, just for the learning opportunity. That said, there’s plenty of work to do that should stretch the team even if you choose a familiar framework.

============================================================================================================================


For our project we have decided to use the technologies that make up a MEAN stack (MongoDB, Express.js, Angular.js, Node.js). We know that we wanted to use a non-relational database because we will be pulling information from many different sources in different formats and needed the flexibility. We wanted to use Express.js and Angular.js for the front end because it is easy and light, and because we know that the webpage the user sees will not to be dynamically changed, as well as visually appealing. We choose Node.js also because it was light, and will allow us to handle lots of concurrent user requests (thus offering us scalability). From a non-technical standpoint, we all want to learn and become more familiar with Javascript, as well as learn technologies that are prominent in the industry.

An alternative platform we decided not to go with, are the components that make up a LAMP stack (Linux, Apache, mySQL and PHP. The major reason is because our web app needed a flexibility of a noSQL database, meaning we could not use mySQL which is used in this web stack. In addition, we felt like PHP and Apache would be difficult for us to learn, and that having one language to learn throughout (in this case, Javascript for our MEAN stack) would be easier.
